looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild — long tangles of bushy
black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands the size of trash can
lids, and his feet in their leather boots were like baby dolphins. In his vast,
muscular arms he was holding a bundle of blankets.
“Hagrid,
” said Dumbledore, sounding relieved.
you get that motorcycle?”
“At last. And where did
“Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sir,
” said the giant, climbing
carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke.
“Y oung Sirius Black lent it to me.
I’ve got him, sir.
”
“No problems, were there?”
“No, sir — house was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right before
the Muggles started swarmin’ around. He fell asleep as we was flyin’ over
Bristol.
”
Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of
blankets. Inside, just visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. Under a tuft of jet-
black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt
of lightning.
“Is that where — ?” whispered Professor McGonagall.
“Y es,
” said Dumbledore.
“He’ll have that scar forever.
”
“Couldn’t you do something about it, Dumbledore?”
“Even if I could, I wouldn’t. Scars can come in handy. I have one myself
above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground. Well —
give him here, Hagrid — we’d better get this over with.
”
Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned toward the Dursleys’ house.
“Could I — could I say good-bye to him, sir?” asked Hagrid. He bent his
great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very
scratchy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded
dog.
“Shhh!” hissed Professor McGonagall,
“you’ll wake the Muggles!”
“S-s-sorry,
” sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and
burying his face in it.
“But I c-c-can’t stand it — Lily an’ James dead — an’
poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles —
”
“Y es, yes, it’s all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we’ll be
found,
” Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm
as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front
door. He laid Harry gently on the doorstep, took a letter out of his cloak,
tucked it inside Harry’s blankets, and then came back to the other two. For a
full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid’s
shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling
light that usually shone from Dumbledore’s eyes seemed to have gone out.